== README

This is the beer-rating app that @ezzaf, @bnolan, @proglottis, @newportandy and @kuahyeow hacked up for Beervana 2013. It is a mobile-first site for recording and rating all the beers that you drink. It has some calculations for amount consumed, and a leaderboard and newsfeed so you can see what everyone else is drinking. It also lets you rate the beers and an average rating for the beers is calculated. This was a Powershop 10% time project.

== Hosting

It works nicely on Heroku.

== Licenced under the BSD Licence

Copyright (c) 2013, Powershop
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

=== Dumping and resetting the database

To dump the drinks - just log in to your console and:

puts Drink.all.to_yaml

To get the email addresses:

puts User.pluck('email')

Then reset the database:

Drink.delete_all
Beer.update_all :average_rating => 3.0, :controversiality => 0, :drinks_count => 0